This mod changes most of the yoyo subclass, bringing new and exciting features to help spice up your gameplay!
From an overhauled yoyo bag system, to unique effects for previously mundane and boring vanilla yoyos, there is a lot more content to explore.

** A quick summary of what the mod adds **
- New Yoyo Bag System -
  Yoyo bags are no longer just a combination of a yoyo glove, string, and a counterweight.
  Instead, they allow the user to have access to new slots, allowing for greater
  customization while maintaining the idea of a yoyo bag.
- New Skeleton Peddler NPC -
  There is a new Skeleton Merchant in town, and this one is a yoyo expert. He sells a very
  wide variety of yoyo products, from actual yoyos to accessories that have some sort of
  special function. He moves in once you obtain a yoyo, and will slowly increase the size
  of his shop depending on your overall progress. However, since he is the yoyo expert,
  the Skeleton Merchant and Travelling Merchant will no longer sell yoyo-related wares.
- Unique Effects for Every Yoyo -
  Each yoyo (except for wooden and chik, RIP), have some sort of ability that can be
  activated by equipping the Ability Ring, which is sold from the Skeleton Peddler.
- Lots of New Yoyos! -
  This mod adds quite the catalog of new yoyos, aiming to allow you to have a good range
  of choices for the yoyos you want to use. From boss-themed yoyos, to "true" yoyos,
  you will never run out of choices for your playthrough.

NOTES:
This mod is not entirely aimed to be 100% balanced. There are some things that either
are too powerful, or not powerful enough. This doesn't mean the game will become super
easy, just that some parts could do with a little re-balancing.
It is still fairly early in development, meaning that there are more features to add,
and bugs to fix. 
A wiki is currently in development, however, due to me being the only wiki editor,
it will not be a quick process.

If you wish to join the Discord, click the button that brings you to the Steam Page, it
is in the description.
  
Huge thanks to the following!

David F. Dev - Wrote the script for the Yoyo Drills
Turbanik - Supplied pretty much all of the special effect sprites
stormytuna - Writing various code such as npc loot modifications & reflections
Dagger - Helping with custom yoyo string colors, drawing, and textures
Photonic0 - Helping with enhancing yoyo special effects during daytime,
as well as creating the Empress of Light Yoyo
otterly - Created several sprites, such as the yoyo bags and achievement sprites.